now Human Rights Watch investigation has
analyzed one of the single deadliest
Israeli air strikes since the War Began
it says 106 civilians were killed in
October in what appears to be a war
crime among the victims were at least 54
children Israel hit a residential
building south of the noat refugee camp
on October 31st but the report founds no
evidence of a military Target in the
vicinity it also concluded that
governments should suspend arm sales and
deliveries to
Israel Let's uh speak to Tar Abu aam
about this he's our correspondent in
Rafa Southern Gaza remind us a tar of
this uh attack in nerit in October and
uh the circumstances around it which led
to this conclusion by Human Rights
Watch yes FY according to the uh
investigation that has been carried out
by the Human Rights Watch it has
concluded that a six story apartment
building has been completely destroyed
and that deadly Israeli air strike had
killed at least 106 Palestinians
including 54 children as this building
has been husting evacuees and also the
uh owners of this uh house that had been
completely targeted as the were children
playing uh uh on on thegr there uh as
also there are some residents are
charging the phones in the house that
belongs to one of the Palestinian
Engineers that had been uh completely
destroyed Roy and now that's absolutely
terrifying as the Human Rights Watch had
had carried out multiple interviews uh
with uh eyewitnesses there on the ground
who have been survived from the attack
saying that the entire building has been
destroyed and targeted without any prior
warning and uh clearly the investigation
has also finalized that there was no any
military Target in the building in order
to be destroyed as the Israeli military
turn now did not provide any
justification
regarding this deadly attack and that's
absolutely a part of the ongoing
military attacks that had been carried
out since October specifically that
Israel has been attacking houses without
warning its citizens to uh its residents
to flee from in order to avoid
casualties among civilians despite the
Israeli repeated statements and claims
that they are taking ultimate
precautions in order to avoid uh
casualties among civilians and as
everyone knows that Israel has a long
track records of crimes or in times of
War specifically that we have been uh
observing since the outbreak of this
conflict multiple incidents in which
Israel had targeted civilians with high
rates among with high rates of
casualties specifically that the latest
was at the latest had been carried out
on napuli and an Al Kuwait roundabout
for eight Seekers one of the also deadli
air strikes had been carried out earlier
in the war in Arab hospitals and also we
remember clearly the air strikes that
had targeted jabalia refugee camp where
the is the Israeli military has been
widely uh increasing and surging their
military bombardment across the Gaza
Strip with no lit up till now fly and T
the The Fallout continues from the
attack on the world Central Kitchen AIDS
workers how has it affected Aid delivery
and Aid distribution in
Gaza yes uh in fact the world Central
Kitchen uh this charitable organization
has been operating in Gaza since uh the
outbreak of the of the fighting here in
the territory as they have been
responsible for Distributing aid for uh
hundreds of thousands of Palestinian
families as according to latest reports
that they have managed to distribute
around more than 40 million meals uh on
people in the South and even in the
northern part after making various
coordination with the Israeli military
but the latest attack in fact has been
carried out as Israel has been
justifying it to be a completely a grave
mistake and that was was completely
unacceptable from the uh uh from the
side of this charitable organization and
that intern had forced the this
organization to completely suspend its
operations in Gaza which negatively had
impacted on the humanitarian situation
which is already aggravating as it has
been a wide uh class of the Palestinian
Community till now did not receive the
latest shipment that had been
transferred throughout the recently
established Maritime Corridor which
means that more people won't be able to
receive their aid and that happens in
fact after the Israeli military had
denied the deliveries of Aid to by the
United Nations to people in the Norther
part of the Gaza Strip which means that
it's a systematic approach being adopted
by the Israeli military in order to
starving people in the northern part of
Gaza to push them forward to the South
where people here are not also receiving
much needed humanitarian supplies and
the high ratees of population being
right now trapped in Rafa this city
which is might be expected to be the
next Target for the Israeli military
incursion if the negotiations regarding
a ceas fire collapsed thank you for the
update that's Al jazer Sark Abu AUM
reporting their life from Rafa in
southern Gaza